MUMT301-2016 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some concepts that we will learn in the course. 

You will not be graded for your answers, just for the delivery as explained in point 13. If you don’t understand the question, answer: “I don't understand the question”




1. Do you know any programming languages? If so, which ones?

2. What is your primary computer operating system?

3. Do you own a smartphone or tablet? If so, what kind?

4. Do you use any social networking services? If so, which ones?

5. Expand the following acronyms (You may look them up if you don't know):

	API
	REST
	HTTP

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how proficient are you?

7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?

8. How large is your personal music collection?

9. Do you scrobble?

10. Do you use any automatic music recommendation systems?

11. If you know a programming language, implement a script in your favourite language that takes numbers as its input until it receives the command "done." When it reads "done," print out the average of all the numbers that were input.
If you don't know a programming language, write out all the steps you would need to accomplish the same task.

Example: if we were writing a piece of software that took ingredients of a recipe and then, when it received the word "end" it printed the ingredients out, our steps might look like this:

	1. Input ingredients
	2. If input is not "end" add the ingredient to the ingredient list
	3. Go to step 1.
	4. If input is "end" print each ingredient in the ingredient list,
	5. Exit.

12. What is Github? Do you have an account? If you do not, create one. Type your username.

13. For delivering the homework you will:

	1. Create another folder named www inside your home directory in the server
	2. Move the file questionnaire.txt to the www folder you just made
	3. Rename the file questionnaire.txt to assignment1.txt
	4. If you did everything correctly, you should be able to see the file in a web browser by typing its URL
	http://132.206.14.130/yourusername/assignment1.txt 






